add CI java http server tutorial (#161)
harness/developer-hub: tutorials/build-code/ci-java-http-server.md

1. Click **Add Step**, the **Step Library** dialogue window will appear. Select **Build and Push an image to Docker Registry** from the list.
2. Click the **Docker Connector** field and either select an existing [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) connector, or create one.

   :::tip

   Since your pipeline will publish the image to your Docker Hub account, your connector will need an access token with **Read, Write, Delete** permissions.

   :::
3. Enter `your_user/jhttp` (replace `your_user` with your Docker Hub username) in the **Docker Repository** field.
4. Click **+ Add** under **Tags**, a field will appear.

   Click the icon on the right side of the field and select **Expression**.
   
   Start to type `<+pipeline.` in the field, you will see suggestions for all available expressions. Select `sequenceId`. The field should now contain `<+pipeline.sequenceId>`.

   :::info

   `<+pipeline.sequenceId>` is a value provided at pipeline execution time. This value matches the pipeline sequence number, which is unique to each pipeline execution.

   This ensures that the resulting Docker image will always have a unique tag.

   :::
5. Click **Apply Changes**.

> ### Add Integration Tests Stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add an integration tests stage
```

> This separate pipeline stage will pull the Docker image published in the previous step, run it as a [Background step](../../docs/continuous-integration/ci-technical-reference/background-step-settings.md), and verify the container started successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This separate pipeline stage pulls the Docker image that was published in the previous step, runs it as a [Background step](../../docs/continuous-integration/ci-technical-reference/background-step-settings.md), and verifies that the container started successfully.
```

> 1. In the **Pipeline Studio** click **Add Stage** and select **Build**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Pipeline Studio**, select **Add Stage**, and then select **Build**.
```

>    Enter `Run Connectivity Test` in the **Stage Name** field, then click **Set Up Stage**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. In the **Stage Name** field, enter `Run Connectivity Test`, and then select **Set Up Stage**.
```

   :::tip performance tip

   The steps in this stage do not require code from the Git repository. To save time in each pipeline execution, disable **Clone Codebase**.

   :::

> 2. In the **Infrastructure** tab, select **Propagate from an existing stage**, select the previous stage from the drop-down menu and click **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the **Infrastructure** tab, select **Propagate from an existing stage**, select the previous stage from the drop-down menu, and then select **Continue**.
```

> ### Add Background Step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add a background step
```

> This Background step runs the Docker image published in the previous stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This background step runs the Docker image that was published in the previous stage.
```

> 1. Click **Add Step**, the **Step Library** dialogue window will appear. Select **Background** from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add Step**. In the **Step Library** dialog, select **Background** from the list.
```

> 2. Enter `Run Java HTTP Server` in the **Name** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Name** field, enter `Run Java HTTP Server`.
```

> 3. Expand the **Additional Configuration** section, click the **Container Registry** field and select your Docker Hub connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Expand the **Additional Configuration** section, select the **Container Registry** field, and then select your Docker Hub connector.
```

> 4. Enter `your_user/jhttp:<+pipeline.sequenceId>` (replace `your_user` with your Docker Hub username) in the **Image** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Image** field, etner `your_user/jhttp:<+pipeline.sequenceId>`. Replace `your_user` with your Docker Hub username.
```

> 5. Click **+ Add** under **Port Bindings**, enter `8888` in the **Host Port** and **Container Port** fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Under **Port Bindings**, select **+ Add**, and then enter `8888` in the **Host Port** and **Container Port** fields.
```

   :::info

>    This will expose port `8888` from the running container to the host operating system. This will allow the connection test step to reach the application at `localhost:8888`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This exposes port `8888` from the running container to the host operating system. This allows the connection test step to reach the application at `localhost:8888`.
```

   :::

> 6. Click **Apply Changes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select **Apply Changes**.
```

> ### Add Connection Test Step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add a connection test step
```

> This step runs a connection test from the host operating system, verifying the application started successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step runs a connection test from the host operating system to verify that the application started successfully.
```

> 1. Click **Add Step**, the **Step Library** dialogue window will appear. Select **Run** from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add Step**. On the **Step Library** dialog, select **Run** from the list.
```

> 2. Enter `Test Connection to Java HTTP Server` in the **Name** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Name** field, enter `Test Connection to Java HTTP Server` .
```

> 3. Enter this in the **Command** field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Command** field, enter the following command:
```

   ```
   until curl --max-time 1 http://localhost:8888; do
     sleep 2;
   done
   ```
   :::info

>    This simple connectivity test will attempt to reach the service every two seconds, until successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This simple connectivity test attempts to reach the service every two seconds until it is successful.
```

   :::

> 4. Click **Apply Changes**, then click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **Apply Changes**, and then select **Save**.
```

   :::tip

>    With the application up and running, many types of tests are possible: integration, security, performance, and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   With the application up and running, many types of tests are possible: integration, security, performance, and more.
```

   :::

> ### Optional YAML Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optional YAML configuration
```

        type: CI
        spec:
          cloneCodebase: false
          platform:
            os: Linux
            arch: Amd64
          runtime:
            type: Cloud
            spec: {}
          execution:
            steps:
              - step:
                  type: Background
                  name: Run Java HTTP Server
                  identifier: Run_Java_HTTP_Server
                  spec:
                    connectorRef: docker_hub
                    image: your_user/jhttp:<+pipeline.sequenceId>
                    shell: Sh
                    portBindings:
                      "8888": "8888"
              - step:
                  type: Run
                  name: Test Connection to Java HTTP Server
                  identifier: Test_Connection_to_Java_HTTP_Server
                  spec:
                    shell: Sh
                    command: |-
                      until curl --max-time 1 http://localhost:8888; do
                        sleep 2;
                      done
  properties:
    ci:
      codebase:
        connectorRef: account.Github_OAuth_XYZ123
        repoName: your_user/jhttp
        build: <+input>
```

</p>
</details>

> ## Run Your Pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run your pipeline
```

> 1. In the **Pipeline Studio** click **Run**, the **Run Pipeline** dialogue window will open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Pipeline Studio**, select **Run**.
```

> 2. Select **Git Branch** as the **Build Type**, and enter `main` in the **Branch Name** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Git Branch** as the **Build Type**, and then enter `main` in the **Branch Name** field.
```

> 3. Click **Run Pipeline**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Run Pipeline**.
```

> 4. Observe each step of the pipeline execution. When the first stage completes, test results will appear in the **Tests** tab. When the second stage completes, you should see the successful `curl` command in the final step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Observe each step of the pipeline execution. When the first stage completes, test results appear in the **Tests** tab. When the second stage completes, you should see the successful `curl` command in the final step.
```
